readme.md, before:

# Traffic-Limiter

Rate limit the number of tasks that can be run at any time,
based on a task type. 

## Install

`npm install traffic-limiter --save`

## Basic Use

When creating a `Limiter`, you need to specify `type: limit`
configuration.

```js
var Limiter = require("traffic-limiter");

var limiter = new Limiter({
  foo: 1
});

limiter.run("foo", function(done){
  // this one runs right away
  console.log("doing some 'foo' work");
  setTimeout(function(){
    done();
  }, 3000);
});

limiter.run("foo", function(done){
  // won't run until previous task is done
  console.log("doing more 'foo' work");
  done();
});
```

### Complete A Task By Type

Sometimes you don't have access to the `done` method from the
`run` callback. In those cases, you can say a task of a specific
type was completed:

```js
limiter.run("foo", function(){
  // do stuff
});

// later on
limiter.complete("foo");
```

This will decrement the in-progress tasks for the specified 
type, allowing another task to run if needed.

### Update Limits

You can update the limits any time you want by calling the
`updateLimits` method.

```js
limiter.updateLimits({
  foo: 2
});
```

## Legal Junk

Traffic-Limiter is &copy;2015 Muted Solutions, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Distributed under [MIT License](http://mutedsolutions.mit-license.org)

Commit message:

allow unlimited, and allow stopping work entirely

readme.md, after:

# Traffic-Limiter

Rate limit the number of tasks that can be run at any time,
based on a task type. 

## Install

`npm install traffic-limiter --save`

## Basic Use

When creating a `Limiter`, you need to specify `type: limit`
configuration.

```js
var Limiter = require("traffic-limiter");

var limiter = new Limiter({
  foo: 1
});

limiter.run("foo", function(done){
  // this one runs right away
  console.log("doing some 'foo' work");
  setTimeout(function(){
    done();
  }, 3000);
});

limiter.run("foo", function(done){
  // won't run until previous task is done
  console.log("doing more 'foo' work");
  done();
});
```

### Complete A Task By Type

Sometimes you don't have access to the `done` method from the
`run` callback. In those cases, you can say a task of a specific
type was completed:

```js
limiter.run("foo", function(){
  // do stuff
});

// later on
limiter.complete("foo");
```

This will decrement the in-progress tasks for the specified 
type, allowing another task to run if needed.

### Update Limits

You can update the limits any time you want by calling the
`updateLimits` method.

```js
limiter.updateLimits({
  foo: 2
});
```

### Unlimited Tasks

If you would like to have unlimited tasks running, set the
limit for the type to any number below zero, such as `-1`.

```js
limiter.updateLimits({
  foo: -1
});
```

### Stop Running Tasks For A Type

If you want to prevent tasks from running at all, for a given
type, set the limit to zero (`0`).

```js
limiter.updateLimits({
  foo: 0
});
```

## Legal Junk

Traffic-Limiter is &copy;2015 Muted Solutions, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Distributed under [MIT License](http://mutedsolutions.mit-license.org)
